ABSTRACT:
This experiment served the purpose of introducing terms and methods which are used in the statistical analysis of physical measurements.
 The experiment will use calipers to measure washer disks, in which the students will use as data for the population and sample size.
 This would serve as the means in which the students are able to extract quantitative information from the experiment. 
By doing physical measurements in this experiment, students are able to gather information through repetition, and establish a method 
in which the experiment will be carried to ensure accuracy, precision, and tendencies of data. Through these observations, 
students can determine the average of the data sample and thus figure out the variance that allows one to determine how much 
a group differs from their average. The Z-test, T-test, standard deviation, and RMS deviation from the mean are all theoretical 
equations that assist in determining the accuracy of the sample data.
Since the sample data was taken randomly from the entirety of the data set, it will accurately reflect the population data.
 There will be no significant difference between the sample data and the population data.
INTRODUCTION:
In this experiment, groups of students measured the diameter of a metallic washer disk using a digital caliper.
 Afterwards, the data is shared amongst the class in order to collect the entire data set.
 A sample data of five data points is selected from a population data of 46 data points. 
This data will be used to determine if a sample data can accurately reflect the population data.
    After placing sample data and population data into an excel spreadsheet, multiple excel functions are used to understand the 
significance and accuracy of these measurements. These functions include: range, midrange, mean, mode, median, average deviation 
from the mean, RMS deviation from the mean, standard deviation from the mean, Z-test, and T-test assuming unequal variance. 
These functions serve the purpose of demonstrating advanced methods of statistical analysis to better understand recorded data. 
These calculations provide values that illustrate accuracy, precision, and tendencies of data.